Soldier-76: You sure take to this badguy thing easily, don't ya? 
Reaper: And you sure know how to play boyscout
Lúcio: Can't keep up?
Tracer: Then stay out of our way!
Mercy: What happened to you?
Reaper: You tell me, doc.
Mercy: This is not what I intended, Reyes. 
Reaper: You knew exactly what you were doing
McCree: Some one had to do it, seems fitting it'd be me.
Lúcio: Winstonnn, how's it hanging? 
Winston: Uhm... okay I guess. We got this big mission coming up.. oh.. I get it
Winston: Need any adjustments to your chrono accelerator?
Tracer: I think- Just kidding Winston! It works great!
Tracer: Wow! It's an honour to meet of the Shimbali! Mondatta was an inspiration to me.
Zenyatta: To us all. I miss him greatly. (Widowmaker may continue the interaction if she's there. Do not know the words, though)
Winston: Your mother was a hero to me. To all of us.
Pharah: You probably knew her better than me.
Mercy: Your mother always wanted you to follow in her footsteps.
Pharah: She did? Funny, she never mentioned that to me.
Soldier-76: Your mother would have been proud of you.
Pharah: You didn't know my mother very well then.
Lúcio: D.Va in the flesh! Woo! Can I get your autograph?
D.Va: Only if I can get yours too! I love your new album!
Winston: Sorry it's such a mess in here. I-I wasn't expecting company.
Lucio: Reinhardt, we need to find you some new tunes!
Reinhardt: Ah, you kids today with techno music! You should enjoy the classics, like Hasselhof!
Lúcio: I can't even take you seriously right now.
Tracer: Whatchya looking at?
Widowmaker: An annoyance.
Widowmaker: It looks like we will be working together.
Tracer: Don't think I'm happy about that.
Tracer: Lúcio! I'll race ya!
Lúcio: It's on!
Tracer: Sorry big guy!
Pharah: Reinhardt, you know I had a poster of you on my wall when I was younger.
Reinhardt: I remember the poster! My hair was amazing
McCree: You weren't given those guns to toss them around like trash.
Reaper: I don't take lessons from you.
Zarya: How do I trust a man who is half machine?
Genji: The heart of a man still beats inside of me.
Zarya: I've got on my eye on you, Omnic.
Zenyatta: And I will watch your back in turn.
Zenyatta: I sense the rage in you that once consumed your brother.
Hanzo: I am nothing like him.
Mei: You're just a no good bully, how can you even look at yourself in the mirror?
Junkrat: Oh, that's cold.
Junkrat: I beg your pardon, I consider myself a freedom fighter. A misunderstood one.
Zarya: Never trust an Omnic.
Genji: You have saved my life again, Dr. Ziegler.
Genji: The true ruler of the Shimada clan has returned.
Hanzo: You will never amount to anything.
Genji: We shall see brother.

Widowmaker: This is no place for children. D.Va: Who are you calling a child?

Tracer: I think my quantum-stabilizer is on the fritz! Different Tracer: I was about to say the same thing! Spooky!

Reinhardt: Can I have your autograph? ....I was wondering if you would sign something for me!.. I-It's for a friend. D.Va: Of course! Here you go! Love, D.Va! / After this match is over, right now it's time to get serious.

Junkrat: Don't worry, here's the cavalry. Tracer: Hey! That's my line!

Lúcio: Yo Bastion, check this out! Beep bop bop beep bop beep. Bastion: Beep bop beep....

Mercy: Reinhardt, isn't it time for you to hang it up? You're not getting any younger. Reinhardt:* Never! I will fight until my last breath.

Reinhardt: (After killing an enemy Reaper) Traitor!

Widowmaker: (On Numbani) I will have that gauntlet.

Mei: Doctor Ziegler, you haven't aged since the last time I saw you. Mercy: And neither have you, Mei.

Mercy: Mei, you haven't aged a single day. What's your secret? Mei: Cryostatis. But I'm not sure I recommend it.

Reaper: Look's like were working together again. Widowmaker: Hopefully it goes better than the museum.

Zenyatta: It is an honour to work with my best pupil. Genji: I am grateful to be here, my master.

Tracer: Winston! Got something for you! Winston: For the last time, no more bananas! Tracer: (Giggling) Oh Winston! I got your favourite!

Torbjorn: I sometimes wonder if all that armor isn't slowing down your brain? Reinhardt: Yeah, and I sometimes wonder if your height is why you're always in such a bad mood!

Soldier-76: I thought you were dead. Reaper: Didn't take.

Reaper: I taught you everything you know. McCree: Not everything. / Good thing I've still got a few tricks up my sleeve.

D.Va: (On Hollywood map) Now this is my kind of place! Lights, camera, action!

Zenyatta: (After killing enemy Genji) Looks like I win this round.

Reaper: Poor Winston. Has to hide away so he doesn't scare the children Winston: I don't think even children are afraid of you.

Reaper: (After killing an enemy Mercy) Remember, you're responsible for this!

Mercy: It's been a while Genji, how are you? Genji: I am whole now.

Hanzo: (After killing an enemy Genji) I win brother, Just like when we were kids.

Hanzo: So Junkrat, where did you hide your treasure? You cannot possibly keep it on your person. Junkrat: What treasure? (Nervously) I don't know what you're on about mate heh.

Reaper: What did you find in there rat? Junkrat: No idea what ya sayin mate (More serious tone)

Lúcio: Vishkar will never understand that people should be free! Symmetra: What do you know? Freedom is an illusion that causes more harm than good.

Mei: Zarya, how can you fight in the cold wearing so little? Zarya: I'll tell you my secret-if you give me your coat.

Genji: It's not too late for you brother. You can still redeem yourself. Hanzo: No, there is only dishonour for me, brother. / You're not the Genji I knew.

Zenyatta: (On Nepal) Ah it has been sometime since I have been here. I wonder if my brothers and sisters will be glad to see me.

Reinhardt: You always did take good care of my armor... Torbjorn: Just try to keep it in one piece this time.

Tracer: Won't you be warm in all those clothes? Mei: I know, but it's too late to change.

Junkrat: (On Nepal) I hate this place" Mei: I love the mountains! I wish I could go climbing!

Reinhardt (When near an ally Torbjorn getting a kill) Good work my diminutive Swedish friend!

Junkrat: I'm getting cold just looking at ya! Mei: Well, you can look somewhere else.

Roadhog: Maybe you can stay out of trouble this time. Junkrat: Oh, I'll be on my best behavior!

Zenyatta: (Putting an Orb on Harmony on an ally Genji) Walk in harmony, my student.

Genji: (After killing an enemy Zenyatta) Looks like I'm improving, master./Looks like I have the upper hand, Master.

Reaper: (When killing enemy Bastion or Zenyatta) Tin cans: Dime a dozen.

Reaper: (Killing an enemy Soldier-76) This is how it should have been.

Mei: I like your glasses! Winston: Uhm.. Th-Thanks.. I like yours too!

Genji: (Spawning in Hanamura arcade) I wasted many an hour of my misspent youth here.

Junkrat: (Being Discorded from an enemy Zenyatta) Cruddy piece of junk!

Reaper: (After an enemy he killed has been ulted by Mercy) Oh, you've got to be kidding me..

Symmetra: Armor? How positively primitive. Torbjorn: Last time I checked, no one asked for your opinion!

Torbjorn: Hehe, there's something on your dress. Symmetra: No, there isn't.

Symmetra: To think I would have to work with a street ruffian. Lucio: Yeah I'm not too excited about this arrangement either.

Symmetra: (After killing an enemy Lucio) A punishment for your crimes. Symmetra: (on Dorado) This would be a perfect location for a Vishkar development.

Mei: Wow, Tracer! You're a hero! Tracer: No, Mei, you're the real hero!

Tracer: (After killing an enemy Reaper) Death comes..

Junkrat: (After being discorded by an enemy Zenyatta) Every once in a while, you get a dud.

D.Va: (Spawning on Hanamura) Hey! Who blew up the video games? / No one's beating my high score!

Reaper: (After being revived by an ally Mercy) This is your fault... Mercy: This is not what I had in mind.

Torbjorn: (Spawning on Numbani) no No NO N. O.

Torbjorn: (On King's Row) These Londoners have the right idea if you ask me. Omnic rights? Pah!

D.Va: A giant gorilla! Just like in those old video games! Winston: Um, well, uh, okay then. / I get that a lot.

Hanzo: (Spawning on Hanamura) All this was supposed to be mine...

Roadhog: (On Nepal) Great place, shame I have to kill someone here.

Widowmaker: (On being revived or damage boosted by an ally Mercy) You must really like me, huh?

Reinhardt: (Upon seeing an ally Torbjorn die) Torbjorn! I will avenge you!

Mei: (On Gibraltar attack room) Winston, I think one of those equations is wrong.

Junkrat: Hey Tracer, can I have a look at that bomb of yours? Tracer: Not a chance!

Junkrat: Hey Tracer, can I have a look at that bomb of yours? Tracer: Over my dead body!

Zarya: Reinhardt! You said that you would arm wrestle me! Nervous? Reinhardt: Nervous? Me? Never!

Soldier-76: (On Gibraltar) Bring back Overwatch...? What's the point.

Roadhog: (On King's Row) I think they are still angry about those jewels we stole... I miss that crown.

Hanzo: This is/was the home of the Shimada clan.

Torbjorn: Winston, still using that feather duster of a gun? How's that working for you? Winston: Why don't you come over here and find out?

Hanzo: (Spawning on Hanamura) This was my home once... But no longer.

McCree: (After killing enemy Soldier-76) Argh! Thought I saw a ghost.

Soldier-76 (After killing enemy Reaper) Someone had to do it."

Widowmaker: (After killing enemy Soldier 76) A legend falls.

Reaper: (After killing an Overwatch agent) Another one off the list.

Reaper: (After killing enemy Winston) Stupid monkey.

Soldier-76: (On Dorado) I wanna know what Lumerico's been up to.

McCree: (On Route 66) I wouldn't drink the coffee, always tasted like boiled dirt.

Soldier-76: (After killing enemy Reinhardt) Always overconfident.

Soldier-76: (After killing ???) You still got a lot to learn.

Genji: (On Hanamura) My heart is at peace here.

Junkrat: (On King's Row/Dorado?) So we're delivering a bomb to scrap some bots and I'm getting paid for it. I love it!

Lucio: (On Numbani) This is my kind of city, everyone free to live as they chose.

Soldier-76: (On Route 66) Reyes should have dealt with the Deadlock gang a long time ago.

Junkrat: (On Nepal) If these bots want to go to the light, I'd be more than happy to take 'em there.

Torbjorn: (On Nepal) It's like a culmination of a 1,000 of my worst nightmares.

Soldier-76: (Upon seeing an ally Pharah kill herself with rockets/Getting an airshot) I see you got your aim from your mother.

Genji: (On Numbani) Even here I feel an outcast.

Reaper: (On Route 66) Oh this is where I picked up that ingrate.

Junkrat: Hey, you should hear the joke Pigface told me the other day! Roadhog! Roadhog: Grumbles.

Lucio: (On Volskaya) I should have brought my pads. I probably could have got a pick up game in.

Lucio: (On King's Row) Can we hurry up? I have tickets to the show tonight.

Winston: (After killing an enemy Reaper) Do not mess with my glasses.

Torbjorn: Any chance I can peek under your mech? D.Va: Hands off!

Mei: (On Route 666) I think I'm overdressed for this place.

Tracer: (Seeing an ally Winston get a kill) Winston! You're an animal!

Torbjorn: Reinhardt, least number of eliminations buys the post-mission drinks? Reinhardt: (Laughs) Let's show these kids how it's done.

Junkrat: (After seeing an ally Roadhog get a kill) I knew there was a reason I kept you around, and it wasn't the sparkling conversation

Roadhog: (When killing enemy hero with a mask) Nice Mask!

Reinhardt: (After killing an enemy Hanzo) I slay dragons!

Zarya: I've killed more of your kind than I can count. Bastion: (Series of sad boops)

Widowmaker: (After headshotting an enemy Pharah) Like mother, like daughter.

Mercy: (After being revived by another Mercy) So that how it feels like!

Widowmaker: (On King's Row) Ah.. The sight of one of my finest kills... On that day.. I felt alive.

Widowmaker: (After being revived by a Mercy) You must really hate me.

Soldier-76: One of these days, someone is going to put you down. Reaper: I'd like to see them try.

Roadhog: (After killing an enemy Junkrat) I hated the sound of your voice.

Zenyatta: (After killing an enemy Pharah) Justice is defined by the hand that deals it.

Junkrat: (On Numbani) This place makes me sick.

Soldier-76: Well you take to this bad guy thing easily, don't you? Reaper: And you sure know how to play boy scout.

Genji: (On Gibraltar) It's beautiful here, I could never appreciate it before.